1. Exam the code in MyClass.java and answer the following:
	a. List the fields of MyClass that a direct subclass of MyClass could
	access directly
		(Anything that is public or protected)
		salaries

	b. List the fields of MyClass that any class could directly access, or
	state that this is impossible (2 points)
		(Anything that is public or protected)
		salaries

	c. Is the compareTo method above recursive? YES or NO and in ONE SENTENCE
	explain why.

		No, it is not. The compareTo called in MyClass is a String, however,
		the method called from is an int. They are different.

	d. Assume that salaries always contains the wage you're looking for. What
	is the runtime of the find method for the (support your answer with ONE
	SENTENCE), assuming a list size of n:
		i. Best possible case?
			O(1) (constant time)

		ii. Worst possible case?
			O(n²) (Checked through twice per n)

		iii. Average case?
			O(n) (but 1/2 of worst case)

	e. Answer YES or NO whether the statement in the encode method (1-4) would
	cause a compilation error, and in ONE SENTENCE explain why.
		Statement 1: Yes. name is not defined in scope.

		Statement 2: No, age is a static variable defined globally.

		Statement 3: Yes, salaries is a non-static variable.

		Statement 4: No, result is a param given to encode.

	f. What will be the output of the openFile method when input.txt does not
	exist?

		bad file!
		close buffer!

	g. What will be the output of the openFile method when it is able to open
	the file input.txt?

		great success!
		close buffer!

	h. If I wanted to change the find method to return the Integer found,
	rather than a boolean value, and I had the expression "salaries.get(i)",
	What -type- would this evaluate to at compile time? What type would this
	evaluate to at runtime?

		Object; Int.

	i. Override the equals method from the base class Object for myClass in
	such a way that two instances are equal when all of their fields have the
	same values (which does not necessarily mean they are the same object in
	memory in terms of memory references). Your method must never throw an
	exception. Also, you must use at least one conditional in your method that
	makes use of short-circuiting as we have discussed in class.

		public boolean equals(Object o){
			// age and salaries
			try{
				MyClass other = (MyClass) o;
				if (other.age == this.age && other.salaries.equals(o, other)){
					return true;
					}
				}
			catch (Exception e){
				return false;
			}
		}	

	j. Is it possible to write a constructor for MyClass and still have the
	code compile? If YES, then explain why we would ever want to do this. If
	NO, explain why not. One sentence.

		Yes. This constructor can be used by child classes to encapsulate
		features common among all children..	

	k. If I were to write a main method for MyClass, list all of the methods
	that currently exist in the code above that such a main method could call.

		All static methods or fields.
